refactor(providers): remove support for deprecated nemollm engine (#1076)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Guardrails: docs/user-guides/configuration-guide.md

#### NeMo LLM Service

> In addition to the LLM providers supported by LangChain, NeMo Guardrails previously supported the NeMo LLM Service. However, this support has been deprecated and removed in the current release.

Author: @mikemckiernan I think what I am trying to does not make sense, NeMo Service reached its EOL and we are removing it.

Reviewer: The docs are versioned now--https://docs.nvidia.com/nemo/guardrails/0.13.0/--so you can just delete anything that isn't supported in the current release.  What we're still missing is a release notes page in the docs (as opposed to the release notes for the repo that we already have).

My sugg in this section is to remove from line 200 down to whatever no longer covers the NeMo LLM Service.

Anyone who really, really wants to use the service will need to use really, really old software and docs:

https://docs.nvidia.com/nemo/guardrails/0.12.0/user-guides/configuration-guide.html#nemo-llm-service

Author: Much better, thank you Mike 👍🏻 

I'll open a separate PR that only includes doc related changes of this PR so that it appears in the CHANGELOG.

I think for release notes we can use the documentation entries from CHANGELOG.md of the 2 recent releases

> For historical reference, you can check out the [archived NeMo LLM example configuration](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Guardrails/tree/develop/examples/configs/llm/nemollm/README.md).

Author: ```suggestion
For historical reference, you can check out the [archived NeMo LLM example configuration](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Guardrails/tree/v0.13.0/examples/configs/llm/nemollm).
```
